and then like once you start doing those
things you're gonna wake up one day and
you're gonna realize you know what i am
actually an athlete i am a scholar
because i am doing those things holy
like i can do this like this is me like
this is actually who i am this is who
i've always been i just haven't
realized it
so let's talk about new year's
resolutions
so when the new year rolls around a lot
of people make a resolution right they
decide that in this year i am going to
do x y and z
and the challenge with new year's
resolutions is that most people don't
stick to them
and so what i'd like to do today is talk
to you all a little bit about a few
different perspectives that we can
understand about how to stick to your
new year's resolution
and the interesting thing about this is
going to be like you know sticking to it
involves first of all understanding
why you don't stick to it so it's my
hypothesis that i'm going to lay out
today that
you can start a new year's resolution
and then at some point it's gonna fall
apart and the question is why does it
fall apart because if you can prevent
that falling apart from happening if you
can understand why the falling apart
happens
then you can make take steps to sort of
prevent it from happening and then you
can kind of stick with your new year's
resolution
so to begin with
if we want to start on a very simple
level
with new year's resolutions we have to
start
by understanding
where does the new year's resolution
come from
so what do you all think motivates
people
what motivates
to do
a
new year's resolution
right where does this motivation come
from
so the first thing that i want to share
with you all if you guys have seen the
goal setting and motivation set of of
lectures
um this will be pretty familiar to you
if you haven't seen this i highly highly
recommend you you check it out
the first thing to understand is that
human beings when they decide to do
something they tend to have
a couple of different
reasons why they do stuff and if you
kind of think about a new year's
resolution it's sort of weird right
because you say i want to give up sugar
let's say for 2022 no more sugar and so
there's like one part of your mind right
no sugar
and then there's a second part of your
mind that like a week later or a month
later is like ah
i want sugar
so the first thing to understand is that
if you want to stick to a new year's
resolution you have to understand that
your mind is not homogenous
so your mind has multiple pieces
and if we want to create a behavior we
have to understand
what are the pieces of my mind and which
one is operating and which one takes
over and like how does that kind of
stuff work i'm going to actually just
move this real quick
nope
alert box
move the alert box like
down here i
think okay
all right
so
does that make sense so our mind is
conflicted so let's start by
understanding like what are the
different parts of the mind what are the
different sources of motivation
so the first thing that we're going to
talk about is desires
okay so these are things that like you
want
so we'll use the word want
like i want a coke or i want a yacht or
i want
i want to be on a beach i want to quit
my job
next thing that motivates us is shoulds
right so these are things that like you
should do like i should study for my
test but i want to play a video game so
we can already see that like these two
things can conflict right
the next thing that we have are duties
these are kind of like obligations
and this is what gets super confusing is
that a lot of times we think that our
duties are duties but they're actually
shoulds like we say like oh it's my duty
to be healthy no it's not it's not your
duty
these are things that you're like kind
of obligated or you have an external
thing that is like kind of forcing you
to do stuff
and then the next thing that we have the
last thing that we have are values
or things that we care about
so i know it sounds kind of weird but a
lot of people will when they think about
a new year's resolution what they'll do
is they'll think of it as a goal
right i'm going to exercise every day
i'm going to lose 10 pounds i'm going to
cut out sugar i'm it's basically
something that's hard
and basically the what a new year's
resolution is is stuff that i should do
most new year's resolutions come from
the should category
but if we look at like basically science
i mean gross over generalization here
but if you look at what people are
actually motivated towards
they tend to be happy and productive
when they're more on this side of the
quadrant than on this side of the
quadrant when you're way over here you
have a hedonistic
empty life
when you're over here you can have a
successful
empty life
right so like if i listen to my parents
and i was a good indian boy and i went i
became a doctor even though i wanted to
become a video game programmer
i can become successful by doing all the
stuff that i should do but it's going to
be empty i'm going to be like not happy
on the inside
so over here
when we live like on this side we're
going to tend to have a fuller life like
we'll be happy
right and hopefully we'll be successful
too but we'll kind of get to that in a
second
so the first thing to understand is that
where do the first question you should
ask yourself so this is step up number
one is
where
does
my
new year's resolution
come from
okay i know it sounds kind of weird but
like a lot of times we don't introspect
so step number one is to actually
introspect
about your new year's resolution like
think it think about it
like ask yourself like is this something
i'm just coming up with arbitrarily
because it's something i should do is
this something that i really want is
this something that i care about because
the good news is that these two things
tend to
motiv like drive behavior
way stronger
than these two things
and the main reason that they drive
behavior is that they tend to be
resistant
to costs
so when i care about something i'm
willing to pay something for it when i
have a desire it's like harder to pay
something for it when i have a should
it's like harder to like expend
something for the sake of like something
i should do but if i feel obliged to do
something if i feel duty bound to do
something if i feel honor bound to do
something i'm going to make a sacrifice
for that sort of thing i'm going to make
sacrifices for stuff that i care about
but not things that i want
so this side is way more
sacrifice oriented
now here's the main problem when we make
new year's resolutions
we focus on should and we tend to not
think
about costs
so when i think about like okay i want
to give up sugar in 2022 like what is
that gonna cost me
am i willing to pay that cost like am i
really willing to
no longer eat like for the rest of the
year like am i honestly willing and this
is a question to ask yourself
am i willing to pay this cost because a
lot of times when people sign up for
resolutions they don't really think
about what it's going to cost them
so like think about if you give up sugar
for example that means like you know no
more frappuccinos or whatever you like
to drink like if i go to a birthday
party like i'm not gonna get to eat cake
if i have my own birthday party i'm not
allowed to eat cake like am i willing to
give all that up if my friends go out
for dessert i'm just gonna tag along and
like not have a single bite when it's 2
a.m in the morning sure you can do all
those things and we'll talk about why
it's easier to go for dessert with your
friends and not eat a single bite
but you crack when
it's 2 a.m in the morning you're feeling
a little bit hungry and there's like you
know your your roommate bought some
brownies and they're just sitting there
and like no one is watching and that's
when you're going to crack
right so the first thing that you've got
to do if you want to be successful in a
new year's resolution is introspect
and ask yourself where is this coming
from is it something that i should do
and this is where if it's if it's coming
from one of these two quadrants the cost
really needs to be low otherwise it's
not going to work so you need to try to
minimize the cost as much as possible
so instead of like you know setting your
new year's resolution that is at no
sugar it may be something like you know
like no sugar no sugar and beverages
so like no beverage with any sugar so i
can like eat a cupcake but no sugar in a
beverage so no sodas
no sugar in my coffee
no like you know
sweet tea or like whatever
so you need to adjust the cost
especially if it comes from the should
want quadrant okay and i know it sounds
kind of weird but if you really want to
be successful you have to like
introspect and then prep your brain
for the cost
this is going to increase your chance of
success so when you think out the thing
through the costs i would actually write
it out so i would like take a piece of
paper and write out like why is this
like why am i picking this which
quadrant is this coming from and the
second thing you should write out is
like what is this going to cost me and
even writing it out is going to be like
prepping your brain for the cost because
what tends to happen with new year's
resolutions
is that we're unprepared for the cost
and then the cost hits us and then we're
like it's too much and then our mind
starts to conflict right we have this
side and then we have this side and then
we weren't ready for it so side number
two wins
so start by introspecting and like doing
that awareness oriented work and prepare
yourself for how bad this is gonna suck
if you can if it's really coming from a
shutter want i'd highly highly recommend
reducing how difficult you make it
but at least prep for the cost okay so
this is number one is to introspect
now the second problem that we tend to
run into is that we're going to talk for
a second about the addict's brain
so i don't know exactly this isn't like
a real term or anything it's just
something i come up with so when i work
with people with addictions
what i find is that their mind has a
certain gravity to it
and what do i mean by gravity i mean
that it's endlessly attracted to the
source of addiction
so you'll see this a lot like when
people ask like if we talk about
marijuana for example if i mention
marijuana we're gonna get all these
different questions
right and it's gonna be dr k do you
think that marijuana is ever
useful is it ever okay to use and that's
a question that has a gravity towards it
you guys see what that question like
what that person is looking for
is an answer that i say yes of course
it's ever useful ah-ha i have my
justification so now i can move towards
the marijuana
excellent
and so there's there's something that
will people will say but i have insomnia
and they'll come up with really good
reasons right they'll use a lot of
logic
oh i'll quit next year
they'll have all kinds of reasons
but you drink
alcohol
right when talking to your partner
easy
they'll come up with all kinds of
reasons it helps with my anxiety
i do it for the fun
and no matter how you frame things
no matter how you discuss things no
matter what direction you you
go in
the gravity the mind has a gravity
towards
the
the addiction
so this is the key thing to understand
about the mind
the mind is always going to want to move
in the direction that it wants to move
in
and if you want to succeed in a new
year's resolution you need to understand
that the thing oftentimes is like the
goal that you have or you're giving
something up that your mind is going to
want to move there and so what i'd like
to do is share with you all some of the
tools
that your mind uses and that you can use
to sort of deflect this sort of very
natural gravity of the addict's brain
and so you may say like okay but we just
have to acknowledge that like your mind
is not going to want to do the thing
this is essentially the point of like
bringing up the addict's brain that no
matter how you twist and turn at its
core your mind may not be working for
you towards the goal
this is why
we want to operate from here because
this is the quad these are the two
quadrants that will help us make
sacrifices so either the mind wants it
we're going to be able to give something
up we're okay with the sacrifice if it's
on the you know on the right two
quadrants okay
so just be aware so look out for the
addict's brain look out for your mind
and how it's going to try to convince
you
to give up the resolution because it's
not going to be working for you it's
going to be working against you it's
going to be like ah you did it good for
a month you can have a cheat day like
don't worry about it like it's okay
all right so beware the addict's brain
okay
so
here's the first tip that i'd give you
keep
your
new year's resolution
secret
critical critical critical critical
critical critical
critical
so there is a psychological aspect of
this
and
a spiritual aspect of this so the
psychological aspect
so when i'm giving up sugar
and i go out to dessert with my friends
okay
it's so easy to not eat it right because
it's like look at me like look at me i'm
a stick to my new year's resolution
y'all all plebs are gonna eat that crap
but i'm gonna show you how awesome i am
by being so resistant and so willful
right so the key thing about advertising
your new year's resolution
is that it leads to a positive
emotion with no cost
right so if you tell someone you're like
yeah i'm giving up alcohol for 2022.
what are they gonna do they're gonna be
like screw you noob no they're gonna say
wow that must be so hard that's awesome
i'm so happy for you
so you're like you just said some words
and suddenly people are like oh wow look
at this chad
isn't this person great and so if you
advertise
like
your new year's resolution people are
gonna be like oh look at how amazing you
are for giving this thing up you haven't
actually get like they're not there in
the quiet moments
when you're struggling like you've got
the cookie in your hand and you're like
don't eat the cookie don't eat the
cookie throw the cookie away no cookie
no cookie for you dr k
right
so like this also recruits ego this is a
little bit more spiritual but
advertising your new year's resolution
gives you a benefit without any kind of
cost and then what happens is your brain
is like oh cool like if i can get a
benefit without a cost why the hell am i
paying a cost if i can just get the
benefit by talking the talk
and now we know right so there's two
kinds of people in life there are people
who talk the talk
they're people who walk the walk
right there's like there are two kinds
of people that
have to do like with startups they're
people who talk about starting startups
and they're people who actually start
startups the people who are talking
about it are the ones that like oh i've
got this great idea for a company i'm
gonna do this i'm gonna do this i'm
gonna do this i'm gonna do this they're
talking talking talking talking talking
gratifies the ego gives them some kind
of oh my god that's such a great idea oh
my god you're so revolutionary you're
gonna be the next like elon musk oh my
god that's so amazing just imagine it's
gonna be fantastic you're so brilliant i
wish i was like you and i wish i could
start a startup numbers like yeah
i'm so great
i'll tell you about my next idea next
week and get another ego boost it's
gonna be so awesome
and then there are people who are like
actually like you know run startups and
you don't you know they don't hang
around on discord they're just like i
mean maybe they do
not not to bash discord but like there
are people out there who are actually
doing it and there are people who are
like talking about it right so if you
like think about people who are in shape
like they just go to the gym and they
don't maybe they advertise maybe they're
egotistical but generally speaking they
just like go to the gym like most of the
people who are in shape are not like
advertising it all the time and talking
about how they're gonna get in shape
they're like they're actually in shape
they're people who talk about getting in
shape and they're people who are in
shape you guys get that
now there's another aspect of this which
is a little bit spiritual which may be
psychological too but this is sort of
the tradition that i learned this from
is that
anything
kept internal
compounds
okay so this is why mantra is kept
secret
so when you do your month or practice
you never share your mantra i've never
told a single soul what my mantra is my
personal mantra is known by two people
me and the guru who gave it to me
okay so you don't tell anyone about your
mantra
and what people realized like the yogi
sort of figured this out is if you never
tell anyone it will increase in power
and if you vent it out to the world if
you vent that energy by sharing it with
the world it will decrease in power
so another good example of this is
actually trauma
so in trauma what we want to do is vent
it out right so if someone has
experienced trauma
they keep it inside
and it eats them alive
this is bad so what is the solution how
do we get that energy out of them and
stop compounding we vent it
through therapy
so
when we want to when we want to do
therapy or something we're trying to
vent the negative energy that depressive
energy you have in your mind the anxious
energy that you have in your mind
because you all know this if you have
like anxiety like it just loops in that
in there right it just loops and loops
and loops and loops and loops it loose
it never like gets worse and worse and
you work yourself up into a frenzy and
then you've got a panic attack and what
you really want to do is just need to
get it out you want to vent it out if
you talk to a friend they can help
decompress you you feel so much better
so energy that is kept within the mind
will compound an energy that is vented
will diminish and this is how you get
talkers and walkers because these are
the people who aren't talking about it
just stays in there and actually
produces behavior and then you have the
talkers who are just talking about all
the time and they never like do anything
okay
so keep your new year's resolution
secret
for those of you saying oh my god dr k i
already failed beautiful
you've activated my trap card
don't
let
failure
stop you
this is the biggest thing for a new
year's resolution
don't let failure stop you
okay you're going to give up alcohol
you've gone 22 days without a single sip
of alcohol then you screwed up your new
year's resolution like where did we get
the idea that new year's resolutions
have to be perfect from day one like
what the
think about that for a second
like if you fail so be it like on day 24
you can be sober again
right so this is where it's like
everyone's like someone's like just
don't fail no no this is the whole thing
don't let failure stop you if you
screwed up like if you resolve to
exercise every single day and you go a
weekend without exercise like ah
i guess that's gg
it's now february 8th and i've failed at
my new year's resolution so i guess i'll
try again in 2023.
there's the addict's brain
you guys see that
easy you don't have to worry about it
try again in 2023
i'ma go get high
stop the exercise
don't let failure stop you
new year's resolution where does it
where do we get the idea that it has to
be perfect the addict's brain gave it to
us
that's where it comes from
because then it's got the excuse it's
like this is easy this noob he's going
to screw up a single time all i have to
do this is what the addict's brain is
saying like let's talk about sugar this
is what your brain is saying this noob i
just have to trip him up once we're
gonna so he has to win a hundred percent
of the time and i just have to win once
because if i can get him to win once
this dumbass has this idea that if he
slips up once his resolution is broken
then sugar sugar sugar all day long
so then your mind is like all right
let's let's throw down and then you win
on day one
mind is like let's throw down on day two
day three day four day five day six day
seven day eight day nine day ten
it stops you once and then it's like
easy
and then you're sitting there and you're
like oh i failed my new year's
resolution and then your brain is like
yeah that's okay try again next year bro
you'll get it next year it's okay
try to try it next year girl
you got this next year but this year
just let it go you screwed up it's all
right
very important don't let failure stop
you if you really want to have a
resolution
it doesn't stop no matter what
right like don't let failure stop you
this is what screws people up the most
it's like everyone's going to make
mistakes you're not perfect you're not
enlightened you're not a yogi you're
yogini right you're not any of those
things which is okay you don't need to
be so if you screw up just pick it up
tomorrow
or pick it up today
oh my god i'm supposed to exercise every
single day and it's now 8 p.m and i
haven't exercised i skipped my morning
workout do something
don't let failure stop you
we see this a lot in actual addictions
too right so someone's like oh my god i
was sober for 362 days
and i screwed up
and it's like
okay so you s you had a drink which is
okay so you can still be sober tomorrow
it's like
you know like
it's not a big deal you can go another
362 days
and then you'll have gone like you know
724 days and you'll have had one drink
in 724 days like that sounds pretty
legit it sounds pretty good
but the brain is like no no no i've
screwed up now i can drink all i want to
because i screwed up the resolution is
broken
so step number two don't let failure
stop you
okay
and then
the last thought so we talk a lot about
ego
and so this is something that you know
people will ask me the question
is ego bad because when we talk about
ego we tend to think a little bit about
we talk about the negatives of ego
but one thing that can be really really
helpful
for new year's resolutions is to
actually like think about your identity
so who am i
and to try to develop an identity that's
positive so i'll give you guys just an
example
so a lot of times when we struggle to
you know adopt a new year's resolution
we have an identity of ourselves i'm
gonna just be harsh here for a second so
i am
and
out
of shape
nerd
okay
doesn't mean that nerds are out of shape
but this will identify with some of
these things right
i'm not
a very
healthy person
so we'll have all kinds of like negative
like conceptions i'm a loser
right so we'll believe these things
about ourselves
and then if you kind of think about it
what you'll start to do
is like as you start like the new year's
resolution
these people are trying to be something
else right you're trying to be something
else
but you sort of fundamentally like don't
believe that you are this this like
better person like you think you're a
loser who's trying to lose weight
so at the core
you have an identity that's sort of
sabotaging you in the quiet moments
because on some level you don't believe
that you can do this kind of thing
and so i know it sounds kind of weird
but what i would love it if you guys try
to do
is start to like change who you are and
i don't make it sound so simple but i'll
explain so like i want you guys to like
tell yourselves i am an athlete
or i am
a scholar
so pick something that you actually want
to be like and like just start telling
yourself like
i know it sounds weird i'm saying just
change but i want you guys to really try
this it's gonna be easier than you think
it is so then as you go about your day
like ask yourself
what would
an athlete do
or what would a scholar do
just ask yourself like like in this
moment like when you're thinking about
what to eat
you know if you're an athlete like just
what would an athlete eat in this
situation
what would a scholar do in this
situation like would a scholar like play
world warcraft or would they actually
like sit down and read a book
and i'm gonna be that thing like you can
be that thing because what's the
difference
between a scholar and a loser it's like
the choice that they make right like if
we look at someone who's an athlete it's
like the food that they put into their
body the way that they like treat their
body like do they take care of their
body on a daily basis and if you start
doing those things you will be that
thing it's i know it's kind of weird but
it's actually really simple and it's
actually like bizarrely easy
the problem is that deep down if you
believe you're a loser you're gonna go
up against all of this like negative
energy any time you try to make a change
and what i want you all to realize is
that if you tell yourself i am an
athlete and then you go to lunch and you
ask yourself like what would an athlete
order and you order that thing there's
no difference between you and an athlete
because what is an athlete an athlete
who is someone who eats particular
things exercises in a particular way a
scholar is someone who chooses to read
instead of play video games and so you
can do all of those things and you can
actually become all that person
it's actually so close to you it's super
super bizarre
okay
so i know this is like i see that chat
is meaning and stuff but for those of
you if you i want you to really try this
and this is one way that you can harness
ego is to actually like
consider for a moment if your mind so
for those of you that are rebelling
against this
that is the biggest sign of the addict's
brain
right because your brain is like
it's so easy
this is ridiculous i could never do this
this is idiotic this guy's just saying
oh just call yourself an athlete and
then stop eating sugar no no no that's
stupid
that's so ridiculous i don't have to do
that it's dumb it's not going to work
and because i don't have to do that i
don't have to give up sugar you
that's so idiotic just change this is
new realize how hard it is to change oh
yeah you see what's happening there your
mind is telling you it's hard to change
don't bother bro just sit there don't
even try it
oh my god
you guys see that
for all of y'all that are being smart
asses
where is that thought coming from
where is that thought coming from why do
you resist calling yourself an athlete
like why do you think you're not an
athlete why do you think you're not a
scholar
like where do you get that idea
it's not true it's because of a
conception i'm a loser like that's not i
can't biopsy you and find loserness i
cannot even if you're the biggest loser
on the internet it's impossible
i'm not a very healthy person i'm not
like the other healthy people
and if you're trying to create a new
year's resolution and stick to it and
you're holding on to this crap on the
inside it's never going to work
to realize that you are actually an
athlete that what is an athlete an
athlete is someone who makes different
choices
from the choices you've made in the past
therefore you can become an athlete like
this
get up off your ass right now and
exercise a little because that's what an
athlete if we stuck an athlete in your
body and in your circumstance
a real athlete and we stuck them in your
circumstance what would they do
they'd start getting their in order
right
they'd start exercising they'd start
eating healthy they can start from
wherever you are don't be held back by
this identity
and if your mind is rebelling against
that it's because it loves this identity
it loves it because if you conceptualize
yourself as i'm a loser
what do you get to do
if your brain calls you a loser and you
accept that what do you get licensed to
do what do you get freedom to do
attendees
we all love attendees gamers eat tendes
ah you see that you don't have to resist
play games
sure
right
not bother
learning
how to socialize
oh this is a big one
absolve myself
of responsibility
because
i'm lazy
and i'm not like the other people
i'm not like the other people those
other people that were born with the
discipline gene i got the short end of
the stick so i'm a loser
gg no point in trying i guess my mind
gets to smoke pot and eat tendees all
day
easy
whatever your vice is
when you start to believe that you're a
loser
it's not actually true this is the
craziest thing you're not a loser
there's like no such thing
no such thing as a loser it's not an
identity you can lose in a game sure
like in that moment you can lose a game
but you are not a loser
it's like
you know like
it it's a it's a state it's not a trait
it's not a being
but you call yourself this and then it
opens the door to all kinds of behaviors
so if you really want to change your
life and you want to like resolve to be
something else
adopt a different identity
and you say like but how do i how do i
adopt the identity and i guarantee you
this is going to happen
you behave like that thing and you say
what would an athlete do in this
situation because how do you define how
do you tell who's an athlete and who's a
scholar how do you determine that like
how do we judge that it's based on their
actions
and then like once you start doing those
things you're going to wake up one day
and you're going to realize you know
what i am actually an athlete i am a
scholar
because i am doing those things holy
like i can do this like this is me like
this is actually who i am this is who
i've always been i just haven't
realized it
so this is a positive way to like use
ego
right
okay
so to summarize
new year's resolutions are tough
why are they tough the first thing is
because they come from a stupid place
right we just come from like they just
like we just come up with this idea
we're like oh i'ma do this in 2022. and
the mind loves that kind of thing
because it's like you're not going to do
that so it has no problem with that so
it's going to get super excited we get a
burst of emotional energy
that drives us to make a new year's
resolution
and the interesting thing is that if the
behavior is driven by that burst of
emotional energy as soon as the emotion
wanes the behavior will disappear this
is why most people screw up with their
new year's resolutions
so instead we're going to start by
actually introspecting and trying to
figure out okay where does this new
year's resolution come from
like where does it come from like why do
i want this thing what part of me wants
this thing because there are going to be
parts of you that don't want to think
and that's where the addict's brain
comes in your mind is not going to want
the new year's resolution there's a part
of you that's like yeah it'd be so cool
if i was like oh yeah i gave up this or
i did this every day and some partying
that ah bro i don't want to do that
so to think a little bit about where the
new year's resolution is coming from and
what it will cost you i want you to know
what you're signing up for read the fine
print of the new year's resolution
list out the costs
write them down and understand what
you're signing up for and then if you're
like yeah that's too tough that's okay
so tone down the goal
right decrease the loan amount
you know so like like adjust adjust
until there's something that you can
comfortably handle
all right second thing
don't tell anyone about it
don't tell anyone
keep your new year's resolution a secret
if people ask you questions like do you
have a new year's resolution this year
if you don't want to lie you can say
yeah i'm kind of working on some stuff
keep it secret because if you start
telling people they're going to start
supporting you emotionally and then
you're going to
your brain is gonna be like we just talk
about doing it and people will love us
anyway so like why bother bro
so keep it secret keep it to yourself
next thing don't let failure stop you
you're gonna screw up at some point it's
part of life you're not perfect
but the addict's brain loves
to let us screw up
result in complete
absolution of responsibility
right oh well now that i'm not i've i
drank yesterday so i might as well drink
today because like my year of sobriety
is broken anyway now that it's broken i
might as well enjoy myself
okay
keep it secret
absolutely
well said is it secret is it safe so
gandalf the grey understood this right
he understood that
to be safe it must be secret and then if
you don't make it secret it won't stay
safe
so if you want your new year's
resolution to be intact and safe
don't tell a soul
all right don't let failure stop you
and the last thing is to use identity in
your favor so that a lot of times when
we come up with a resolution we are
trying to be someone else
but all of that internal stuff is going
to resist the goal that other people can
accomplish and that's why you fail
because you don't think it's actually
you when you need to actually realize
that this is you
that you are not a loser that you are an
athlete you are a scholar you are an
entrepreneur
you don't have to be grandiose about it
it's not like something to be proud of
it's just what you are it is simple you
don't need to tell a damn soul you don't
need to walk around saying i'm an
athlete a scholar entrepreneur polymath
oh yeah i'm all of those things no no no
you're not going to tell damn soul it's
what you keep on the inside
just imagine
how your life is shaped by the way that
you view yourself on the inside
and everything that it shapes about your
interactions so start to realize it's
not believe it's realize that you are
those things the only thing that is
stopping you is your choice
and then when it comes down to making a
choice
ask yourself what would this person do
and then if i do that thing i am that
person because that's all an athlete is
an athlete is just someone who exercises
and eats healthy
right like that's what it is
a scholar is someone who has learned it
in studies like who's curious about the
world and like tries to learn things so
you can do all of that you just have to
do it
and then if you try this for a little
while you may be shocked
to believe that holy crap you can
actually be this thing that you are this
thing
that this entire time you just not
realized that you were that thing and it
is your own mental conception which has
held you back
so this is what i would recommend if you
want to do a new year's resolution go
for it but just make sure you take care
of your identity make sure you
understand where it comes from make sure
you understand what it's going to cost
you
don't tell a damn soul and don't let
failure stop you
you